All the code used in the study "Unifying and Comparing Multiple Kinase-Substrate Prediction Networks for the Human Phosphoproteome" are stored under "Code". Please see the README.md files inside each directory for the detail function of the code. 

- **PreprocessingPredictionData**: Pre-process the NetworKIN, PhosphoPICK, and GPS, raw prediction into a standard format across predictors.  The standard formatted file includes all predictions on human kinase-substrate interaction in which the predicted sites are mapped to the fixed version of human proteome.  The standard formatted file contains information of unique IDs for the predicted phosphorylation site (substrate protein accession + position in protein seq), gene name for the substrates, Uniprot accessions for the substrates, site (aa + position in protein seq), peptide sequences around the sites, scores, common kinase names use across all predictors.
- **CrossReferenceWithProteomeScout**: Filter the pre-processed predictions to keep only the known human phosphosites based on ProteomeScout(2020-02-07) annotation. The final prediction data (KinPred) is in matrix form.
- **UpdatingResourceData**: if new phosphosites found, fetch from the non filtered prediction and add to the KinPred final prediction matrices. If protein sequence changes due to human proteome updates, compare the new version of human proteome with our fixed version. re-run predictions on the ones with sequence updates. 
- **Comparison**: studies on the networks predicted by the three selected predictors. 
